Ethiopian historiography embodies the ancient, medieval, early modern and modern disciplines of recording the history of Ethiopia. Ethiopian historical writing can be traced back to the Kingdom of Aksum (c. AD 100 – c. 940). The writing of history became an established genre in Ethiopian literature during the early Solomonic dynasty (1270–1974), when written histories were usually in the form of royal biographies, dynastic chronicles, hagiographic literature and universal histories in the form of annals. These reinforced the genealogical traditions of Ethiopia's rulers, who claimed descent from Solomon. Modern Ethiopian historiography was developed by native Ethiopians and by Hiob Ludolf (1624–1704), the German orientalist. The traditionalist Heruy Wolde Selassie (1878–1938) employed Western historiographic methods. Historiography of the 20th century focused largely on the Abyssinian Crisis of 1935 and the Second Italo-Ethiopian War.The World Health Organization declares the coronavirus outbreak to be a pandemic, while the Italian government implements a national quarantine.
Global stock markets suffer their largest single-day decline since the Great Recession.
In cricket, the Women's T20 World Cup concludes with Australia defeating India in the final (player of the match Alyssa Healy pictured).
.. that the upcoming debut album Kid Krow by Conan Gray (pictured) grew out of his experiences as a mixed-race child in Texas?
... that the design of the 2018 Melita bullion coins is based on a series of stamps issued almost a century earlier?
... that Charles E. Mills had dual careers in banking and explosives?
... that past eruptions of Cadamosto Seamount dispersed volcanic ash underwater over thousands of square kilometres?
... that in 2019, Japanese voice actress Midori Katō earned a Guinness World Record for having voiced the same character in the anime Sazae-san for 50 years and a day?
... that in the collection Madwoman, Jamaican-American poet Shara McCallum uses both English and Patwa, a creole she heard while growing up but never saw in writing?
... that Estonian general and former Minister of Education Aleksander Jaakson was arrested by NKVD while working on his farm?

